c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Chechere.WebSite.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Chechere.WebSite.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Plenum.Business.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Plenum.Models.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Plenum.Utilities.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Plenum.WebSite.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Plenum.Data.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\obj\Debug\Chechere.WebSite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\obj\Debug\Chechere.WebSite.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Chechere\Chechere.WebSite\obj\Debug\Chechere.WebSite.pdb
